Program for kmer indices

This program compares CGR from two plots for an order(k) 3 to 9 and gives respective k-mer index value.
For two identical plots k-mer index is 0. The value varies btw 0-200 (+ve index ) or -200 to 0 (-ve index).
 
Input data

Specify the name of textfiles which contain coding sequences in 'filename' and 'filename1'.

b03,b1,b2,b3,b4,b5 and b6 corresponds to the order of the CGR plots.


Outputs ( In workspace)

no1-Absolute value of number of Nonpolar amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename'.
no2-Absolute value of number of Basic amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename'.
no3-Absolute value of number of Acidic amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename'.
no4-Absolute value of number of Polar amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename'.
no5 or nostopcodon- Number of protiensequences in 'filename'.

noo1-Absolute value of number of Nonpolar amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename1'.
noo2-Absolute value of number of Basic amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename1'.
noo3-Absolute value of number of Acidic amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename1'.
noo4-Absolute value of number of Polar amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename1'.
no05 or nostopcodon1- Number of protiensequences in 'filename1'.

percentno1-Percentage value of number of Nonpolar amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename'.
percentno2-Percentage value of number of Basic amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename'.
percentno3-Percentage value of number of Acidic amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename'.
percentno4-Percentage value of number of Polar amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename'.

percent1noo1-Percentage value of number of Nonpolar amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename1'.
percent1noo2-Percentage value of number of Basic amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename1'.
percent1noo3-Percentage value of number of Acidic amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename1'.
percent1noo4-Percentage value of number of Polar amino acids in coding sequence specified in 'filename1'.

similarityindexmatr- Row 1 :positive k-mer indices of order b03,b1,b2,b3,b4,b5 and b6 respectivley.
similarityindexmatr- Row 2 :Negative k-mer indices of order b03,b1,b2,b3,b4,b5 and b6 respectivley. 
 ( The sum of same order positive and negative k-mer indices should be 0).


 

